{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Boris >deduct medical expenses if I am self employed \
Bot>I believe these are the main topics of your query: is that what you meant? Please select \
Could be connected with: 'people who are self-employed'[0]. \
These are the other areas of interest:Don\'92t Miss the Health Insurance Deduction if You\'92re Self-Employed | \
Could be connected with: 'determine whether an expense is deductible'[1]. Possible related to :'self-employed health insurance deduction'[1]. Could be \
\'a0connected with: 'minimizing your costs and maximizing your resources'[2]. Did you mean: 'your business 's profitability'[2]. Perhaps it is concerning \
: 'to qualify for the deduction'[3]. Perhaps it is concerning: 'self-employed health insurance deduction'[3]. \
Possible related to :'itemize your deductions'[5]. Possible related to :'long-term care insurance coverage'[5]. \
\
Boris>long-term \
\
Bot>If you are self-employed, you may be eligible to deduct premiums that you pay for medical, dental and qualifying long-term care insurance coverage for \
\'a0yourself, your spouse and your dependents. \
This health insurance write-off is entered on page 1 of Form 1040, which means you benefit whether or not you itemize your deductions. Unlike an itemized \
\
Are you OK with this answer? yes/more/no/specify [different topic]/ reduce search to web domain \
\
Boris>profitability \
Your business's profitability depends on minimizing your costs and maximizing your resources. \
\
Are you OK with this answer? yes/more/no/specify [different topic]/reduce search result to domain \
\
Boris>determine if deductible \
may be eligible for the self-employed health insurance deduction. \
the age of 27 at the end of 2016 even if the child wasn't your dependent. See Chapter 6 of Publication 535 for eligibility information. To determine w \
hether an expense is deductible, see Can I Deduct My Medical and Dental Expenses on your return, see Publication 502, Medical and \
Are you OK with this answer? yes/more/no/specify [different topic]/reduce search result to domain \
\
Boris>no \
\
Bot>We are now trying to use the constraints from your previous replies... \
I think you will find this information useful: \
IRS Tax Tip 2013-43, March 28, 2013. If you are self-employed, the IRS wants you to know about a tax deduction generally available to people who are self-employed. The deduction is for medical, dental or long-term care insurance premiums that self-employed people often pay for themselves, their spouse and their dependents. \
The insurance can also... \
Now you can ask a NEW question \
\
Boris[the same question but now it is in cache, so instant response]>deduct medical expenses if I am self employed \
\
Bot>I believe these are the main topics of your query: is that what you meant? Please select \
self-employed people'[0]. \
These are the other areas of interest:Don\'92t Miss the Health Insurance Deduction if You\'92re Self-Employed | \
determine whether an expense is deductible'[1]. was n't your dependent'[1]. minimizing your costs and maximizing your resources'[2]. to qualify for the deduction'[3]. is a personal deduction'[3]. \
itemize your deductions'[5]. \
\
Boris>not my dependent \
Bot>may be eligible for the self-employed health insurance deduction. \
the age of 27 at the end of 2016 even if the child wasn't your dependent. See Chapter 6 of Publication 535 for eligibility information. To determine w \
hether an expense is deductible, see Can I Deduct My Medical and Dental Expenses on your return, see Publication 502, Medical and... \
Are you OK with this answer? yes/more/no/specify [different topic]/ reduce search to web domain \
\
Boris[now imagine we want to sell it to irs.gov]>reduce to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.irs.gov/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 www.irs.gov}} \
\
Bot>We are now trying to use the constraint on the domain {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.irs.gov/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 www.irs.gov}} \
IRS Tax Tip 2013-43, March 28, 2013. If you are self-employed, the IRS wants you to know about a tax deduction generally available to people who are s \
elf-employed. The deduction is for medical, dental or long-term care insurance premiums that self-employed people often pay for themselves, their spou \
se and their dependents. \
The insurance can also \
Now you can ask a NEW question \
\
Boris [this is just to have the bot activate conversation]>what's up?\
\
Bot> We found interesting stuff for your recent query:'deduct medical expenses if I am self employed' Chancellor \'91will increase tax for the self-employed \'92According to the Financial Times, \'93tax advantages\'94 for the self-employed rose 59 per cent to \'a35.1bn in 2016-17 compared to the previous year. But Julia Kermode, chief executive of the Freelancer & Contractor Services Association, told People ... \
Now you can ask a NEW question \
\
[end of session]\'a0}